[Music]
get ready for one-minute stretching
exercises to reduce back pain you know
spending hours sitting and working on
the computer or simply binge watching
your favorite TV show as you can imagine
may be fun but it doesn't do your body
any good what really gets the short end
of the stick here is your back and
living with back pain is a nightmare
bright side is presenting you with a
quick workout consisting of simple
one-minute exercises that will work
wonders for your back are you ready to
try them out come on you can do it there
you go
eight it's not only good for your back
exercising makes you healthier more
energized and maybe even more
self-confident I know it works for me
and stretching exercises are good for
relaxing muscle tension and making you
more flexible exercise number one lie on
your back with your arms spread out to
the sides and your knees bet yeah just
like that
now move both your knees to one side
while turning your head to the other
keep in mind that your shoulders
shouldn't move stay in this position for
about 10 seconds and then repeat the
same thing for the other side come on
let's get to it our time starts now this
particular exercise is great for back
pain because it strengthens and
stretches the muscles of your back plus
bonus it works your abs too by the way
how are you doing over there
if you feel a little stretching in your
lower back don't worry that's just a
sign that you're doing the exercise
right let's do it one more time and well
done now are you ready for your next
exercise at no matter here it comes
exercise number two lie on your back
with your legs flat on the floor turn
your hips to bring your right knee up
and across your left side keep that left
leg straight though bring your knee up
until you can touch your right foot on
your left knee now at the same time turn
your head to the right without moving
your shoulders repeat the same thing
with your left knee
I know it sounds really complicated left
right what where but once you get the
hang of it it's really easy let's go
this exercise gives your back a good
stretch while taking care of those
abdominal muscles - just don't rush it
do it at a pace that feels comfortable
only 30 more seconds to go 3 2 1
nice you're definitely ready for our
next exercise exercise number 3 lie on
your back and lift your legs about 6
inches off the floor put your hands
behind your head now you're under arrest
just kidding and lift your shoulders off
the floor now the next steps will all
need to happen simultaneously
so listen up bring your right knee up
turn your torso to the right and touch
your right knee with your left elbow
nah-ha then return to the initial
position and repeat the same thing for
your left knee
alright enough words more action
one-minute starts now
[Music]
try to do the exercise without stopping
lowering your legs or putting your
shoulders back on the floor this is
awesome for your back and you'll
definitely feel the burn in your abs
you're doing great we're almost done and
rest exercise for the initial position
for this exercise is kneeling on all
fours get to know your inner feline or
canine if you're more of a dog person
this is called the dirty dog all right
it's not I just made that up
okay anyway your hands should be
directly beneath your shoulders and
knees below your hips then simply dip
your spine stay in this position for
about 15 to 30 seconds and then hunch
your back for the next 15 to 30 seconds
move slowly between these movements and
go this exercise works wonders for your
back of course and you might be seeing a
pattern here it's good for the ABS too
again like I mentioned earlier a little
stretch in your lower back means you're
doing the exercise just right and times
up exercise number five just like with
the previous exercise get on all fours
this time though bring your right knee
towards your chest then kick that same
leg out straight behind you while
reaching your left arm out in front of
you come back to the initial position
and repeat the same thing with your left
leg you have one minute to try this out
better get to it
hey take your time on this one if you
hurry through it the exercise won't be
as effective it's better to do it slowly
but correctly you already feel your back
stretching how about those ABS this
stretch is perfect after a long day at
work let's do it one more time and
that's it for this exercise you're doing
great let's see what the next stretch
has in store for us exercise six now lie
on your back hands behind your head
knees bent and feet flat on the floor
inhale lift your shoulders and torso up
off the floor and slowly exhale
[Music]
remember not to lift your hips they
should be pressed against the ground
stay in this position for about five
seconds and then lower yourself back
down nice and easy right let's do it
[Music]
this exercise is a must-have
not only for your back but can you guess
it for your abs too if you do it
regularly you'll carve out the ABS of
your dreams and properly stretch your
back a little tension in your abdominals
is totally fine it means the exercise is
working no pain no gain right and stop
how are you feeling
props to you for coming this far and the
final exercise awaits exercise seven lie
down bend your knees and lift your legs
up so that your knees are directly above
your hips inhale and bring your right
knee up to your chest while
straightening your left leg out hold
this for about five seconds and then go
back to the initial position do the same
thing with your left knee that's not so
bad now is it are you ready
times a-tickin
again don't rush try to feel your muscle
stretching this exercise is kind of like
riding a bike just without the circular
movements right you're doing great
30 seconds ago
three two one and that's the end of our
workout congratulations you made it did
you manage to get your heart rate going
oh he definitely did remember to come
back to this video and repeat this easy
workout with us every day if you'll want
to say goodbye to back pain and keep
yourself in shape so what do you do to
deal with back pain tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
hit the like button and share this video
with all your friends you can find more
fitness related and fun videos on our
channel so be sure to click Subscribe
and join us on the bright side of life
[Music]